README.md, before:

🌐 [Русская версия](README.ru.md)

# Hey, I'm JkFussy 👋

![stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JkFussy&show_icons=true&theme=dark)

I create tools, apps, and libraries — and I’m building the **PlumBear Ecosystem** 🪶  
Currently working on **PlumOS**, a **hybrid kernel + cross-platform bootloader**.  
Also an **artist**, **UI/UX designer**, and **3D modeler** — founder of **Desert Lands Studio** for game development and PlumBear support.

---

## 🌍 Socials
- Telegram: [@JkFussy](https://t.me/JkFussy)  
- Discord: `@JkFussy`  
- Linktree: [linktr.ee/JkRen](https://linktr.ee/JkRen)

---

## 🧠 Tech Stack
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c,cpp,rust,assembly,linux,git,blender,figma,vscode" />
</p>

**Programming languages:** C, C++, Rust, Assembly  
**Spoken languages:** English, Russian

---

## 🧩 PlumBear Ecosystem
Right now I’m focused on:
- 🪶 **PlumOS** – hybrid kernel + cross-platform bootloader  

Future plans include:
- 🌈 **Pireon Render API**  
- 🧭 **PlumUI APU Framework**  
- 🧱 **PlumEngine** (games, apps, and web)  
- 🛍 **PlumStore**  
- 💬 **Otrix Language**  
- ⚙️ **Prum64 Architecture**

---

## 🏜 Projects
- 🧩 Developer of **PlumOS** (kernel + bootloader)
- 🎨 Founder of **Desert Lands Studio**
- 🧠 Designing the upcoming **Otrix** language and **Prum64** architecture

---

Commit message:

Revise README for PlumOS and project details
Updated README to reflect new features of PlumOS and clarified project descriptions.

README.md, after:

🌐 [Русская версия](README.ru.md)

# Hey, I'm JkFussy 👋

![stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JkFussy&show_icons=true&theme=dark)

I create tools, apps, and libraries — and I'm building the **PlumBear Ecosystem** 🪶  
Currently working on **PlumOS**, a **new universal operating system written in Rust**, featuring a **hybrid kernel**, **POSIX/BSD compatibility**, and **cross-system support**.

PlumOS can run and interface with **Win32**, **Linux**, **BSD**, **macOS**, and **Android** subsystems through internal translators.  
It includes a **modular bootloader** capable of launching kernels in multiple formats: `.elf`, `.pe`, `.coff`, `.mach-o`, and `.plam`.

Aiming for a **standardized, elegant, and developer-friendly system** — not another Linux clone, but a reimagined OS designed from scratch.

---

## 🌍 Socials
- Telegram: [@JkFussy](https://t.me/JkFussy)  
- Discord: `@JkFussy`  
- Linktree: [linktr.ee/JkRen](https://linktr.ee/JkRen)

---

## 🧠 Tech Stack
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=rust,c,cpp,assembly,linux,bsd,windows,git,blender,figma,vscode" />
</p>

**Programming languages:** Rust, C, C++, Assembly  
**Spoken languages:** English, Russian

---

## 🧩 Current Work
- 🪶 **PlumOS** — universal operating system with a hybrid kernel, POSIX/BSD base, and compatibility layers for Win32, Linux, BSD, macOS, and Android  
- 🧰 Modular bootloader supporting `.elf`, `.pe`, `.coff`, `.mach-o`, and `.plam` kernel formats

---

## 🚀 Planned for the future
- 🌈 **Pireon Render API** — next-generation rendering layer  
- 🧭 **PlumUI APU Framework** — advanced UI and application system  
- 🧱 **PlumEngine** — engine for games, apps, and websites  
- 🛍 **PlumStore** — ecosystem marketplace  
- 💬 **Otrix Language** — modern language combining low/mid/high-level features  
- ⚙️ **Prum64 Architecture** — native architecture for PlumOS and Otrix

---

## 🏜 Projects
- 🧩 Developer of **PlumOS**
- 🎨 Founder of **Desert Lands Studio**
- 🧠 Designer of future **Otrix** language and **Prum64** architecture

---
